Psalm 85 to the chief musician a psalm
of the sons of korah
Lord you have been favourable to your
land you have brought back the captivity
of Jacob you have forgiven the iniquity
of your people you have covered all
their sin you have taken away all your
wrath you have turned from the
fierceness of your anger restore us O
God of our salvation and cause your
anger toward us to cease will you be
angry with us forever
will you prolong your anger to all
generations will you not revive us again
that your people may rejoice in you show
us your mercy Lord and grant us your
salvation I will hear what God the Lord
will speak where he will speak peace to
his people and to his saints but let
them not turn back to folly
surely his salvation is near to those
who fear Him that glory may dwell in our
land mercy and truth have met together
righteousness and peace have kissed
truth shall spring out of the earth and
righteousness shall look down from
heaven yes the Lord will give what is
good and our land will yield its
increase righteousness will go before
him and shall make his footsteps
our
[Music]